---
title: CVPR2019
tags: 论文
grammar_cjkRuby: true
---

Efficient High-Dimensional, Edge-Aware Filtering

Semantic Filtering

Co-Occurrence Filter

Rolling Guidance Filter

Confidence-aware guided image filter

Multichannel guided image filter

Adaptive Manifolds for Real-Time High-Dimensional Filtering

mage Fusion with Guided Filtering

Single Image De-Hazing Using Globally Guided Image Filtering



Domain Transform for Edge-Aware Image and Video Processing

Zero-order Reverse Filtering

Mutual-Structure for Joint Filtering

Robust Guided Image Filtering Using Nonconvex Potentials

Smoothed Local Histogram Filters

Learning Dynamic Guidance for Depth Image Enhancement

Local Laplacian filters

Local Mode Filtering

Propagated Image Filtering

100+ Times Faster Weighted Median Filter (WMF)

Fast End-to-End Trainable Guided Filter

Patch Match Filter: Efficient Edge-Aware Filtering Meets Randomized Search for Fast Correspondence Field Estimation


Weighted Guided Image Filtering

Gradient Domain Guided Image Filtering

Single Image De-Hazing Using Globally Guided Image Filtering

Robust Guided Image Filtering Using Nonconvex Potentials

Textured Image Demoiréing via Signal Decomposition and Guided Filtering

Multiple Visual Features Measurement With Gradient Domain Guided Filtering for Multisensor Image Fusion

Edge-Guided Single Depth Image Super Resolution

The Bitonic Filter: Linear Filtering in an Edge-Preserving Morphological Framework



Edge-Guided Single Depth Image Super Resolution


# Fragments

## Efficient High-Dimensional, Edge-Aware Filtering

Most edge-aware techniques perform filtering through an explicit or implicit linear combination of the colors in the input pixels.  

The relationship between edge-aware filtering and high-dimensional spaces is made rigorous by the geometric interpretation of images as embedded surfaces.

## Local Mode Filtering

Linear filters have two major drawbacks. First, edges in the image are smoothed with increasing filter size. Second, by extending the filters to multi-channel data, correlation between the channels is lost.

## Co-Occurrence Filter

That is, edges within texture should be ignored while edges that serve as boundaries between textures should be marked. 

Our goal is to design a boundary preserving filter that will smooth edges within a textured region and not across texture boundaries.


## Semantic Filtering

Unfortunately, many visually salient edges like texture edges do not correspond to image gradients. As a result, most of the state-of-the-art edge-preserving filters ignore the potential contribution from an edge detector. On the other hand, it has been demonstrated recently that the performance of learning-based edge detectors is approach- ing human subjects.

Unfortunately, many visually salient edges like texture edges do not correspond to image gradients. As a result, most of the state-of-the-art edge-preserving filters ignore the potential contribution from an edge detector. On the other hand, it has been demonstrated recently that the performance of learning-based edge detectors is approach- ing human subjects





## Propagated Image Filtering

Image filtering is a process of updating pixel values in an image to achieve particular goals like denoising, smoothing, enhancement, or matting. It typically requires the extraction of particular image characteristics, while undesirable pat- terns like noise or irrelevant textural regions need to be dis- regarded. If cross-region mixing occurs during the filtering process, i.e., the characteristics of adjacent image regions are blended, the output image would contain blurry regions which result in degraded visual quality.